README.md, before:

# Send Images to RSS

WordPress plugin that replaces smaller images with their full-size counterpart in RSS feeds. I like this for sending images from a WordPress gallery, for example--instead of sending thumbnails to the RSS readers, they get the full size images.

## Description

This plugin searches your RSS feed for any <img> tag and looks for evidence of a WordPress generated image (the filename ends in -150x150 for thumbnails, for example). It strips that from the image src so that the full size image is what's being sent to the RSS reader. [source](http://kb.mailchimp.com/article/why-does-my-email-look-like-monkey-poop-in-outlook/)

Caveat: if you're using a service like MailChimp (woot!) for your RSS emails, they do warn that email clients can ignore the width set by the plugin, and instead just send the full size image. Don't know a way to work around that one yet.

## Requirements
* WordPress 3.5, tested up to 4.0alpha

## Installation

### Upload

1. Download the latest tagged archive (choose the "zip" option).
2. Go to the __Plugins -> Add New__ screen and click the __Upload__ tab.
3. Upload the zipped archive directly.
4. Go to the Plugins screen and click __Activate__.

### Manual

1. Download the latest tagged archive (choose the "zip" option).
2. Unzip the archive.
3. Copy the folder to your `/wp-content/plugins/` directory.
4. Go to the Plugins screen and click __Activate__.

Check out the Codex for more information about [installing plugins manually](http://codex.wordpress.org/Managing_Plugins#Manual_Plugin_Installation).

### Git

Using git, browse to your `/wp-content/plugins/` directory and clone this repository:

`git clone git@github.com:robincornett/send-images-rss.git`

Then go to your Plugins screen and click __Activate__.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### How can I change the size of the image being sent to the RSS?

On line 25 of send-images-rss.php, change the max-width to something other than 560 (I chose this size based on the default email template from MailChimp). If you want your images to be smaller in your emails, do 250.

###
## Credits

Built by [Robin Cornett](http://www.robincornett.com/)

Commit message:

original function
back to css-tricks original LoadHTML so that foreach can target just img
tags--mine could affect other elements.

README.md, after:

# Send Images to RSS

WordPress plugin that replaces smaller images with their full-size counterpart in RSS feeds. I like this for sending images from a WordPress gallery, for example--instead of sending thumbnails to the RSS readers, they get the full size images.

## Description

This plugin searches your RSS feed for any <img> tag and looks for evidence of a WordPress generated image (the filename ends in -150x150 for thumbnails, for example). It strips that from the image src so that the full size image is what's being sent to the RSS reader. [source](http://kb.mailchimp.com/article/why-does-my-email-look-like-monkey-poop-in-outlook/)

Then the plugin scans all images in the feed and removes height, sets width and max-width.

Caveat: if you're using a service like MailChimp (woot!) for your RSS emails, they do warn that email clients can ignore the width set by the plugin, and instead just send the full size image. Don't know a way to work around that one yet.

## Requirements
* WordPress 3.5, tested up to 4.0alpha

## Installation

### Upload

1. Download the latest tagged archive (choose the "zip" option).
2. Go to the __Plugins -> Add New__ screen and click the __Upload__ tab.
3. Upload the zipped archive directly.
4. Go to the Plugins screen and click __Activate__.

### Manual

1. Download the latest tagged archive (choose the "zip" option).
2. Unzip the archive.
3. Copy the folder to your `/wp-content/plugins/` directory.
4. Go to the Plugins screen and click __Activate__.

Check out the Codex for more information about [installing plugins manually](http://codex.wordpress.org/Managing_Plugins#Manual_Plugin_Installation).

### Git

Using git, browse to your `/wp-content/plugins/` directory and clone this repository:

`git clone git@github.com:robincornett/send-images-rss.git`

Then go to your Plugins screen and click __Activate__.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### How can I change the size of the image being sent to the RSS?

It's possible to use the same technique to set up smaller images for your emails, with alignment. To use this, comment out lines 30-31, and uncomment lines 37-39. The align="right" can be changed to left ... this is necessary for emails, which apparently don't support pretty CSS classes.

## Credits

* Built by [Robin Cornett](http://robincornett.com/)
* Borrowed heavily from [Chris Coyier, CSS-Tricks](http://css-tricks.com/dealing-content-images-email/)
* With insight from [David Gale](http://davidsgale.com)
